Update Exchange-Teams-interact.md (#5384)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/Exchange-Teams-interact.md

Users' Exchange mailboxes can be hosted online or on-premises. For integration with on-premises, it's recommended that you have an Exchange full Classic Hybrid deployment. For more information about setting up a hybrid deployment, see [Exchange Server hybrid deployments](https://docs.microsoft.com/exchange/exchange-hybrid).

Users hosted on Exchange Online or Exchange Dedicated vNext can use all the features of Teams. They can create and join teams and channels, create and view meetings, call and chat, modify user profile pictures (if the Outlook on the web mailbox policy allows them to do so), and add and configure connectors, tabs, and bots. For a more comprehensive list of available features, see the table below.

Users hosted on Exchange Online Dedicated (Legacy) must be synchronized to Azure Active Directory on Microsoft 365 or Office 365. They can create and join teams and channels, add and configure tabs and bots, and make use of the chat and calling features. However, they can't modify profile pictures, manage meetings, access outlook contacts, or manage connectors.

> Users with mailboxes hosted on-premises must be synchronized to Azure Active Directory, and OAuth authentication should be configured as described in [Configure OAuth authentication between Exchange and Exchange Online organizations](https://docs.microsoft.com/exchange/configure-oauth-authentication-between-exchange-and-exchange-online-organizations-exchange-2013-help) and working between you Exchange Online and Exchange on-premises (We highly recommended to run Hybrid Configuration Wizard to configure full hybrid mode). They can make use of almost all the features in the Exchange Online or vNext scenario with some considerations. To enable calendar delegation for these users, you must also complete steps 2-3 as described in [Configure Integration and OAuth between Skype for Business Online and Exchange Server](https://docs.microsoft.com/skypeforbusiness/deploy/integrate-with-exchange-server/oauth-with-online-and-on-premises); these steps will provide the Teams scheduling application the required permissions to confirm delegate permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users with mailboxes hosted on-premises must be synchronized to Azure Active Directory, and OAuth authentication should be configured as described in [Configure OAuth authentication between Exchange and Exchange Online organizations](https://docs.microsoft.com/exchange/configure-oauth-authentication-between-exchange-and-exchange-online-organizations-exchange-2013-help) and working between you Exchange Online and Exchange on-premises (we highly recommend running Hybrid Configuration Wizard to configure full hybrid mode). They can make use of almost all the features in the Exchange Online or vNext scenario with some considerations. To enable calendar delegation for these users, you must also complete steps 2 and 3 as described in [Configure Integration and OAuth between Skype for Business Online and Exchange Server](https://docs.microsoft.com/skypeforbusiness/deploy/integrate-with-exchange-server/oauth-with-online-and-on-premises); these steps will provide the Teams scheduling application with the required permissions to confirm delegate permissions.
```

Reviewer: Please change:
1. (**we** highly **recommend** **running** Hybrid Configuration Wizard to configure full hybrid mode)

- Users must be enabled for Microsoft 365 group creation to create teams in Microsoft Teams.

> - To let Microsoft Teams work with Exchange on-premises, you must configure the new Exchange OAuth authentication protocol, preferably by running the Exchange Hybrid Wizard, as described in [Configure OAuth authentication between Exchange and Exchange Online organizations](https://docs.microsoft.com/exchange/configure-oauth-authentication-between-exchange-and-exchange-online-organizations-exchange-2013-help). To make calendar access work for your on-prem mailboxes, Teams needs access to your Exchange on-prem organization for both Autodiscover and EWS, and mailbox should be located on Exchange 2016 CU3 or later. To enable users with Exchange on-premises mailbox to schedule Teams meetings on behalf of another user, you must must also complete steps 2-3 as described in [Configure Integration and OAuth between Skype for Business Online and Exchange Server](https://docs.microsoft.com/skypeforbusiness/deploy/integrate-with-exchange-server/oauth-with-online-and-on-premises).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To let Microsoft Teams work with Exchange on-premises, you must configure the new Exchange OAuth authentication protocol, preferably by running the Exchange Hybrid Wizard, as described in [Configure OAuth authentication between Exchange and Exchange Online organizations](https://docs.microsoft.com/exchange/configure-oauth-authentication-between-exchange-and-exchange-online-organizations-exchange-2013-help). To make calendar access work for your on-premises mailboxes, Teams needs access to your Exchange on-premises organization for both Autodiscover and EWS, and mailboxes should be located on Exchange 2016 CU3 or later. To enable users with Exchange on-premises mailboxes to schedule Teams meetings on behalf of another user, you must also complete steps 2 and 3 as described in [Configure Integration and OAuth between Skype for Business Online and Exchange Server](https://docs.microsoft.com/skypeforbusiness/deploy/integrate-with-exchange-server/oauth-with-online-and-on-premises).
```

Reviewer: Suggested changes:
To make calendar access work for your **on-premises** mailboxes, Teams needs access to your Exchange **on-premises** organization for both Autodiscover and EWS, and **mailboxes** should be located on Exchange 2016 CU3 or later. To enable users with Exchange on-premises mailboxes to schedule Teams meetings on behalf of another user, you **must** **(please remove double word)** also complete steps **2 and 3** as described in...
